1: What is the product identifier?
{"answer":"PETRO-CANADA ANTIFREEZE","source":"MSDS File"}

2: When was the Safety Data Sheet issued?
{  
  "answer":"2001年7月3日",
  "source":"第一段第2句"
}

  
  			
			






 
 
 

 
  





 


  

       



   
  

               



        
       
      


 
 

 







       





3: What is the product description?
{"answer":"Antifreeze","source":"第1段"}

4: Who is the manufacturer of the product?
{"answer": "The manufacturer of the product is not specified in the provided context, but the product is being handled by Product Safety - TAR and Product Safety - JDW.", "source": "The file header at the beginning of the document."}

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 
 
 

5: What is the emergency telephone number for the product?
{"answer":"1-403-296-3000 or consult local telephone directory for emergency number(s).", "source": "Section II. Composition and Information on Ingredients, line 7"}

6: What are the hazard classifications associated with the product?
{"answer": "The product is classified as slightly hazardous for skin contact (irritant) and inhalation (lung irritant), and extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. It can cause nausea, headaches, and vomiting.", "source": "Material Safety Data Sheet"}

7: What is the signal word used for the product?
{"answer": "DANGER", "source": "Section I. Identification"}

8: What are the hazard statements related to the product?
{"answer":"The hazard statements related to the product are: slight irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract; extremely dangerous in case of ingestion; may release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.", "source": "Material Safety Data Sheet"}

9: What precautions should be taken while handling the product?
{"answer":"先仔細讀過文件，特別是Section VII. Handling and Storage和Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls。然後依照文件的指示進行處理，以防止意外事故和保護自身安全。", "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls"}

10: What are the first aid measures in case of inhalation?
{"answer":"DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

11: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer":"Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention. Evacuate the victim to a safe area as soon as possible. If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area. Seek medical attention. DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.","source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

12: What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?
{ "problem": "What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?", "answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures" }

13: What are the first aid measures in case of ingestion?
{"answer":"DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.","source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

14: What are the suitable extinguishing media for a fire involving the product?
{"answer": "Use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam for small fire; use water spray, fog or foam for large fire. Do not use water jet.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

15: What are the special hazards arising from the substance during a fire?
{"answer":"May release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.","source":"Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

16: Are there any special fire handling procedures required for the product?
{"answer":"Yes, for small fire use dry chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam; for large fire use water spray, fog or foam; do not use water jet. Dispose of in accordance with regional regulations.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures and Section VII. Handling and Storage"}

17: How should accidental releases, spill, or leak of the product be handled?
{"answer":"在小尺寸火災中，使用乾燥的化學物質、CO2、水霧或泡沫。在大尺寸火災中，使用水霧、霧或泡沫，但不可使用水噴嘴。 spills or leaks，要將其稀釋並用乾燥的無活性材料吸收後丟棄。在較大的泄漏情況下，要使用無活性材料吸收，並將該物質放入適當的廢棄物容器中。根據區域的法規，處理和排除廢棄物應遵守相關指導。 ","source":"Section VI. Accidental Release Measures, Section VII. Handling and Storage"}

18: What precautions should be taken for safe handling and storage of the product?
{"answer": "To ensure safe handling and storage, keep container tightly closed, store in a cool, well-ventilated place, avoid contamination with reactive substances, wash hands thoroughly after handling, and dispose of in accordance with regional regulations. Wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) including eye protection, chemically protective gloves, footwear to prevent product contact with skin and feet, and respiratory protection if concentrations exceed occupational exposure limits.", "source": "Section VI, VII & VIII of the provided file"}

19: What are the exposure controls and personal protection measures recommended for the product?
{"answer":"When handling this product, ensure that eyewash station and safety shower are close to work-station. Personal Protection - The selection of personal protective equipment varies, depending upon conditions of use. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn. Where concentrations in air may exceed the occupational exposure limits given in Section 2 (and those applicable to your area) and where engineering, work practices or other means of exposure reduction are not adequate, NIOSH approved respirators may be necessary to prevent overexposure by inhalation. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated. Feet should wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin.","source":"The provided safety data sheet"}

20: What are the physical and chemical properties of the product?
{"answer":"Clear viscous liquid, Viscosity Not available, Physical State and Appearance Colour Odour Green. Odourless. Odour Threshold Not available, Boiling Point 129 to 197°C (264 to 387°F), Density 1.115 to 1.145 (Water = 1) ", "source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

21: Is the product stable or reactive? Are there any hazardous reactions to be aware of?
{"answer":"The product is stable. Hazardous Polymerization Will not occur under normal working conditions.", "source":"Section X. Stability and Reactivity in the provided document"}

22: What are the possible hazardous decomposition products of the product?
{"answer": "COx, smoke and irritating vapours", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

23: What is the toxicological information available for the product?
{"answer":"The substance may be toxic to kidneys and liver. Repeated or prolonged exposure to the substance can produce target organs damage. Repeated exposure to a highly toxic material may produce general deterioration of health by an accumulation in one or many human organs.", "source": "Section XII. Ecological Information"}

24: What are the safety precautions and handling instructions for using the product?
{"answer":"1. Always read the file carefully before use. 2. Wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) such as safety glasses, gloves, and respiratory protection when handling the product. 3. Keep the container tightly closed and store it in a cool, well-ventilated place. 4. Use ventilation to prevent exposure to airborne contaminants if user's operations generate vapours or mist. 5. In case of fire, use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray, or foam for small fires, and water spray, fog, or foam for large fires. 6. In case of accidental release, dilute with water and mop up or absorb with an inert material and place in a waste disposal container. 7. Avoid contamination with reactive substances and wash hands thoroughly after handling.", "source":"File"}

25: What are the potential hazards associated with the product?
{"answer": "The product, ANTIFREEZE, is slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant) and inhalation (lung irritant), can cause nausea, headaches, and vomiting, and extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. It can also cause slight irritation of the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract. The product should be handled with caution.", "source": "Material Safety Data Sheet"}

26: What are the specific health effects or risks associated with exposure to the product?
{"answer":" Exposure to the product can cause slight irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract. Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. Can cause nausea, headaches and vomiting. Slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant). Slightly hazardous in case of inhalation (lung irritant). May be toxic to kidneys and liver. Repeated exposure can produce target organs damage. ","source":"Section III. Hazards Identification."}

27: What are the emergency procedures in case of inhalation of the product?
{"answer":"In case of inhalation, evacuate the victim to a safe area as soon as possible. If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well-ventilated area. Seek medical attention. DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs.", "source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

28: What are the emergency procedures in case of skin contact with the product?
{"answer":" Immediately flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Remove contaminated clothing - launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention. ", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

29: What are the emergency procedures in case of eye contact with the product?
{"answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

30: What are the emergency procedures in case of ingestion of the product?
{"answer": "In case of ingestion, do not induce vomiting. Instead, evacuate the victim to a safe area and seek medical attention immediately.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

31: What is the waste disposal method for the product?
{"answer":"The waste disposal method for the product is: (1) recycle or reprocess; (2) incineration with energy recovery; (3) disposal at licensed waste disposal facility. Ensure that disposal or reprocessing is in compliance with government requirements and local disposal regulations.", "source": "Section XIII. Disposal Considerations, file"}

32: Are there any specific storage requirements or conditions for safely storing the product?
{"answer":"Yes, keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place.", "source":"Section VII. Handling and Storage"}

33: What is the shelf life of the product?
{"answer":"The product is stable and has a shelf life, but the exact duration is not specified in the file. However, it does not decompose or undergo hazardous polymerization under normal working conditions.","source":"Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

34: What are the composition and ingredients of the product?
{"answer":"The product is a clear viscous liquid with a green color, odorless, and soluble in water, methanol, and diethyl ether. It has a boiling point of 129 to 197°C (264 to 387°F) and a density of 1.115 to 1.145 (Water = 1). The product is stable and will not polymerize under normal working conditions. However, it can be corrosive with oxidizing agents, acids, and alkalis. In case of skin contact, inhalation, or ingestion, the product may cause irritation, nausea, headaches, vomiting, and other health issues. For fire emergencies, use dry chemicals, CO2, water spray, or foam to extinguish the fire. For accidental releases, dilute with water and mop up or absorb with an inert material before disposing of in accordance with regional regulations. The product is not a DOT controlled material and has been classified according to the hazard criteria of the Controlled Products Regulations (CPR).", "source": "Section VI, VII, VIII, X, XI, XII, XIII, XIV of the provided document."}

35: Are there any known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials?
{"answer":"No, according to Section V. Fire-fighting Measures and Section VI. Accidental Release Measures, there are no known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials.", "source": "Section V. Fire-fighting Measures and Section VI. Accidental Release Measures of the provided document"}

36: What is the odor of the product?
{"answer":"Odorless","source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

37: What is the boiling point of the product?
{"answer":"129 to 197°C (264 to 387°F)","source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

38: Is the product flammable?
{"answer": "The product is flammable, with a lower flammability limit of 3.2% and an upper flammability limit of 15.3%. It may be combustible at high temperature.", "source": "Section V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

39: What is the solubility of the product?
{"answer":"Soluble in water, methanol and diethyl ether.","source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

40: Is the product stable under certain conditions, and are there any potential decomposition products?
{"answer":"The product is stable, but may release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.","source":"Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

41: What are the recommended engineering controls, personal protective equipment (PPE), and respiratory protection for handling the product?
{"answer":"For normal application, special ventilation is not necessary. If user's operations generate vapours or mist, use ventilation to keep exposure to airborne contaminants below the exposure limit. Make-up air should always be supplied to balance air removed by exhaust ventilation.\nPersonal Protection - The selection of personal protective equipment varies, depending upon conditions of use.\nEye protection (i.e., safety glasses, safety goggles and/or face shield) should be determined based on conditions of use.\nWear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn.\nWhere concentrations in air may exceed the occupational exposure limits given in Section 2 (and those applicable to your area) and where engineering, work practices or other means of exposure reduction are not adequate, NIOSH approved respirators may be necessary to prevent overexposure by inhalation.\nWear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated.\nWear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin.\nRespiratory protection: NIOSH approved respirators may be necessary.\nHands and feet protection: Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves and footwear.", "source":"Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls"}

42: Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?
{
  "step1": "第一，先將以下文件仔細讀過一遍",
  "step2": "第二，將文件的內容整理好",
  "step3": "第三，將以下問題讀過一遍",
  "problem": [
    "Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?"
  ],
  "step4": "第四，理解問題並使用以上的文件回答問題",
  "step5": "第五，將問題的解答以及來源輸出成以下JSON格式",
  "answer": {
    "question1": {
      "problem": "Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?",
      "answer": "Preferred waste management priorities are: (1) recycle or reprocess; (2) incineration with energy recovery; (3) disposal at licensed waste disposal facility. Ensure that disposal or reprocessing is in compliance with government requirements and local disposal regulations.",
      "source": "Section XIII. Disposal Considerations"
    }
  }
}

43: Can the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition be disclosed for the product?
{"answer":"對不起，我們無法透露該產品的具體化學身份或精確百分比成分。", "source":"第一段文件中的第2段"}

