1: What is the product identifier?
{"answer": "Trade name:H1", "source": "Identification"}

2: When was the Safety Data Sheet issued?
{"answer": "06/04/2015", "source": "Page 1/7 Safety Data Sheet acc. to OSHA HCS"}

3: What is the product description?
{"answer": "A liquid cleaner degreaser.", "source": "SECTION 1-PRODUCT IDENTIFICAT ION AND SUPPLIER INFORMATION, SECTION 3-PHYSICAL DATA"}

4: Who is the manufacturer of the product?
{"answer": "Cyberbond LLC, Misco Products Corporation", "source": "40.1.3*, SECTION 1-PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION AND SUPPLIER INFORMATION"}

5: What is the emergency telephone number for the product?
{"answer": "CHEM-TEL, Inc. @ 800-255-3924 (24 hours, 7 days per week)", "source": "SECTION FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL OR TRANSPORT INFORMATION:"}

6: What are the hazard classifications associated with the product?
{"answer": "Skin Irrit. 2, Eye Irrit. 2A, STOT SE 3, H227", "source": "2 Hazard(s) identification, · Classification according to Directive 67/548/EEC or Directive 1999/45/EC"}

7: What is the signal word used for the product?
{"answer": "Warning", "source": "Label elements · GHS label elements The product is classified and labeled according to the Globally Harmonized System (GHS)." }

8: What are the hazard statements related to the product?
{"answer": "Combustible liquid. Causes skin irritation. Causes serious eye irritation. May cause respiratory irritation.", "source": "Hazard statements Combustible liquid. Causes skin irritation. Causes serious eye irritation. May cause respiratory irritation."}

9: What precautions should be taken while handling the product?
{"answer": "Wear rubber gloves, chemical splash goggles and protective outerwear when handling. Avoid breathing of vapors or mists. Use in well-ventilated area. Keep out of reach of children. For use by trained personnel only.", "source": "SECTION 7-HEALTH HAZARDS AND FIRST AID"}

10: What are the first aid measures in case of inhalation?
{"answer": "Supply fresh air; consult doctor in case of complaints.", "source": "4 First-aid measures"}

11: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer": "Immediately wash with water and soap and rinse thoroughly.", "source": "4 First-aid measures"}

12: What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?
{"answer": "Rinse opened eye for several minutes under running water. Then consult a doctor.", "source": "4 First-aid measures"}

13: What are the first aid measures in case of ingestion?
{"answer": "Do not induce vomiting. Drink large quantities of water. Seek medical attention immediately.", "source": "SECTION 9-SPILL OR LEAK PROCEDURES, * 4 First-aid measures"}

14: What are the suitable extinguishing media for a fire involving the product?
{"answer": "CO2, extinguishing powder or water spray. Fight larger fires with water spray or alcohol resistant foam.", "source": "5 Fire-fighting measures"}

15: What are the special hazards arising from the substance during a fire?
{"answer": "Nitrogen oxides (NOx)", "source": "Fire-fighting measures"}

16: Are there any special fire handling procedures required for the product?
{"answer": "Fight larger fires with water spray or alcohol resistant foam.", "source": "DATA SECTION 4-FIRE AND EXPLOSION HAZARD DATA, 5 Fire-fighting measures"}

17: How should accidental releases, spill, or leak of the product be handled?
{"answer": "Floors will become slippery. Avoid walking in product. Keep unessential personnel away. Mop up or otherwise absorb and hold disposal. Avoid discharge to sewer or open waterways.", "source": "SECTION 9-SPILL OR LEAK PROCEDURES"}

18: What precautions should be taken for safe handling and storage of the product?
{"answer": "Use in well ventilated area. Ventilation Requirements: Provide local exhaust to keep TLV of Section 2 ingredients below acceptable limit. Protective Gloves: Chemical resistant rubber or neoprene. Eye Protection: Safety glasses or chemical splash goggles. Other Protective Equipment: Wear protective rubber footwear when using on floor . Wear protective outerwear when danger of mist contact may occur . Store locked up. Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep container tightly closed. Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep cool.", "source": "Exposure controls/personal protection, Section 8"}

19: What are the exposure controls and personal protection measures recommended for the product?
{"answer": "Wear protective rubber footwear, wear protective outerwear when danger of mist contact may occur, use in well ventilated area, provide local exhaust to keep TLV of Section 2 ingredients below acceptable limit, protective gloves chemical resistant rubber or neoprene, eye protection safety glasses or chemical splash goggles", "source": "Exposure controls/personal protection"}

20: What are the physical and chemical properties of the product?
{"answer": "Appearance: Form: Liquid Color: According to product specification; Odor: Characteristic; Odour threshold: Not determined.; pH-value: Not determined.; Melting point/Melting range: Undetermined.; Boiling point/Boiling range: > 150 °C (> 302 °F); Flash point: 87 °C (189 °F); Vapor pressure at 20 °C (68 °F): 0.27 hPa; Density at 20 °C (68 °F): 1.05 g/cm³ (8.762 lbs/gal); Bulk density at 20 °C (68 °F): 1.05 kg/m³", "source": "40.1.3 · Physical and chemical properties"}

21: Is the product stable or reactive? Are there any hazardous reactions to be aware of?
{"answer": "The product is stable if used according to specifications. It reacts with alcohols, amines, aqueous acids and alkalis, as well as water and acids, resulting in hazardous reactions.", "source": "40.1.3 · Reactivity · Chemical stability · Thermal decomposition / conditions to be avoided: No decomposition if used according to specifications. · Possibility of hazardous reactions"}

22: What are the possible hazardous decomposition products of the product?
{"answer": "No dangerous decomposition products known.", "source": "Conditions to avoid"}

23: What is the toxicological information available for the product?
{"answer": "Irritant to skin and mucous membranes. Irritating effect. Sensitization possible through skin contact.", "source": "11Toxicological information · Information on toxicological effects · Acute toxicity: · Primary irritant effect: · on the skin:"}

24: What are the safety precautions and handling instructions for using the product?
{"answer": "Wear protective gloves / eye protection / face protection. Wear protective gloves. Wear eye protection / face protection. Wash thoroughly after handling. Use only outdoors or in a well-ventilated area.", "source": "SECTION 1-IDENTIFICATION, SECTION 7-HEALTH HAZARDS AND FIRST AID"}

25: What are the potential hazards associated with the product?
{"answer": "Combustible liquid. Causes skin irritation. Causes serious eye irritation. May cause respiratory irritation.", "source": "Hazard statements, Section 16: Other hazards"}

26: What are the specific health effects or risks associated with exposure to the product?
{"answer": "Skin: Moderate skin irritant. Prolonged or repeated contact may cause redness, dermatitis. Eyes: Eye irritant. Liquid and mists will cause tearing, redness, burning sensation. Inhalation: Vapors and mists may be irritating to mucous membranes in the nose, throat, and lungs. Ingestion: Irritating to the mouth and throat. May cause headache, nausea, abdominal pain, vomiting, and diarrhea. Excessive amounts may cause collapse.", "source": "SECTION 7-HEALTH HAZARDS AND FIRST AID"}

27: What are the emergency procedures in case of inhalation of the product?
{"answer": "Get to fresh air. Seek medical attention if irritation persists.", "source": "Section 9-SPILL OR LEAK PROCEDURES, Section 7-HEALTH HAZARDS AND FIRST AID"}

28: What are the emergency procedures in case of skin contact with the product?
{"answer": "Flush with water. Seek medical attention if irritation persists.", "source": "SECTION 9-SPILL OR LEAK PROCEDURES"}

29: What are the emergency procedures in case of eye contact with the product?
{"answer": "Rinse opened eye for several minutes under running water. Then consult a doctor.", "source": "First-aid measures, After eye contact: "}

30: What are the emergency procedures in case of ingestion of the product?
{"answer": "Do not induce vomiting. Drink large quantities of water. Seek medical attention immediately.", "source": "SECTION 9-SPILL OR LEAK PROCEDURES, SECTION 4 First-aid measures"}

31: What is the waste disposal method for the product?
{"answer": "Any method in accordance with local, state and federal laws. Best method is to recycle or reuse for intended purpose.", "source": "SECTION 10-REGULATORY INFORMATION, Steps to be taken in Case Material is Released or Spilled"}

32: Are there any specific storage requirements or conditions for safely storing the product?
{"answer": "Store in a cool location. Store only in the original receptacle. Keep receptacle tightly sealed. Store away from oxidizing agents.", "source": "7 Handling and storage, 7 Handling and storage, 9 Physical and chemical properties, 1 Information on basic physical and chemical data"}

33: What is the shelf life of the product?
{"answer": "Store in a cool location.", "source": "Conditions for safe storage, including any incompatibilities"}

34: What are the composition and ingredients of the product?
{"answer": "Mixture of ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate, Bis(2-ethylhexyl)maleate, and 1,4-dihydroxybenzene with nonhazardous additions.", "source": "3 Composition/information on ingredients"}

35: Are there any known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials?
{"answer": "Reacts with alcohols, amines, aqueous acids and alkalis. Reacts with water and acids.", "source": "REACTIVITY DATA"}

36: What is the odor of the product?
{"answer": "characteristic odor", "source": "SECTION 3-PHYSICAL DATA"}

37: What is the boiling point of the product?
{"answer": "212 F", "source": "DATA SECTION 4-FIRE AND EXPLOSION HAZARD DATA"}

38: Is the product flammable?
{"answer": "No", "source": "SECTION 4-FIRE AND EXPLOSION HAZARD DATA, SECTION 5-REACTIVITY DATA"}

39: What is the solubility of the product?
{"answer": "Not miscible or difficult to mix.", "source": "9 Physical and chemical properties · Information on basic physical and chemical properti es · General Information · Solubility in / Miscibility with Water: Not miscible or difficult to mix."}

40: Is the product stable under certain conditions, and are there any potential decomposition products?
{"answer": "The product is stable under certain conditions, but it can decompose if used with incompatible materials, such as alcohols, amines, aqueous acids and alkalis. There are no hazardous decomposition products known.", "source": "40.1.310 Stability and reactivity"}

41: What are the recommended engineering controls, personal protective equipment (PPE), and respiratory protection for handling the product?
{"answer": "Use in well ventilated area. Ventilation Requirements: Provide local exhaust to keep TLV of Section 2 ingredients below acceptable limit. Protective Gloves: Chemical resistant rubber or neoprene. Eye Protection: Safety glasses or chemical splash goggles. Other Protective Equipment: Wear protective rubber footwear when using on floor. Wear protective outerwear when danger of mist contact may occur.", "source": "8 Exposure controls/personal protection"}

42: Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?
{"answer": "Dispose of into a sealed container, rinse container thoroughly before discarding in trash, do not dispose of into storm drain, stream, river or to ground, consult local authorities for disposal in public sewer.", "source": "SECTION 9-SPILL OR LEAK PROCEDURES, SECTION 10-REGULATORY INFORMATION"}

43: Can the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition be disclosed for the product?
{"answer": "No further relevant information available.", "source": "Section 1-Product Identification and Supplier Information"}

