1: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer": "I dont know", "source": "N/A"}

can type a new value. T o select the events to monitor for changes from a list, click the Configure button to open the Configure Changes to Detect dialog box. For additional information on how to configure the settings on the Security tab, refer to Logix5000 Security Programming Manual, publication 1756-PM016 or the the online help for the Logix Designer application. TIP To configure Change Detection programmatically use SSV, GSV or MSG instructions. See Controller Change Detection on page 46Rockwell Automation Publication 1756-PM015E-EN-P - November 2012 51Chapter 5 Access Status Information Introduction The controller supports status keywords you can use in your logic to monitor specific events. •The status keywords are not case sensitive. •Because the status flags can change so quickly, the Logix Designer application does not display the status of the flags. For example, even when a status flag is set, an instruction that references that flag is not highlighted. •Y ou cannot define a tag alias to a keyword. Y ou can use these key words. Status of S:FS When the Project Has an SFCThe state of S:FS depends on the status of the SFC. •If you use S:FS in an action of a sequential function chart (SFC), S:FS is set (on) for one scan each time the step goes active. S:FS = step_name .FS. •If the SFC calls a routine, S:FS is set (on) for one scan each time the step that calls the routine goes active. S:FS = step_name .FS.To determine if Use The value you are storing cannot fit into
or when Changes to Detect is reconfigured. These types of events are not included in the Changes T o Detect mask. The Changes T oDetect mask can be configured programatically using SSV , GSV and MSG instructions.Attribute Name Description Access AuditValue The AuditValue is a unique value that is generated when a project is downloaded to the controller or loaded from removable storage. When a chan ge is detected this value is updated. To specify which changes are monitored, use the ChangesToDetect attribute.GSV ChangesToDetect Used to specify which changes are monitored. When a monitored change occurs, the Audit Value is updated. GSV/SSV IMPORTANT Change detection is unavailable on the RSLogix Emulate 5000 Controller and the SoftLogix5860 Controller. TIP The Audit Value updates when the controller is online. TIP You can use the Security tab in the Contro ller Properties dialog box to configure Change Detection if you are using version 20 or later of the application. See Change Detection in Logix Designer Application on page 50 .Rockwell Automation Publication 1756-PM015E-EN-P - November 2012 47Change Detection Chapter 4 Use the Set System V alue (SSV) instruction to write to the Changes T o Detect attribute and the Get System V alue (GSV) instruction to read the Changes T o Detect attribute programmatically. The Message Configuration dialog can be used to read or write to the Changes T oDetect attribute through CIP Generic Messages. For complete information on how to access
complete information on how to access data using an MSG instruction, refer to Logix5000 Controllers Messages Programming Manual, publication 1756-UM012. Use these settings to read the Audit V alue attribute using the Message Configuration. ChangesToDetect FormatIf you want to: In this property Type or select Get AuditValue Message Type CIP Generic Service Type Audit Value Get Source leave blank Destination tag_name of type DINT[2] or LINT 1 This tag contains the AuditValue for the controller. Bit number Event description 0 Project stored to removable media 1 Online edits modified controller program 2 Transaction committed •Indicates that a batch of one or more ch anges has been applied to the controller. For example, this might happen when a routine is imported online or when a module configuration is changed online. 3 SFC forces enabled 4 SFC forces disabled 5 SFC forces removed 6 SFC element force value changed 7 I/O forces enabled 8 I/O forces disabled 9 I/O forces removedRockwell Automation Publication 1756-PM015E-EN-P - November 2012 49Change Detection Chapter 4 10 I/O forces modified 11 Firmware update attempted12 Firmware update from removable media attempted 13 Remote mode change 14 Keyswitch mode change 15 A major fault occurred 16 All major faults cleared 17 All major faults cleared through keyswitch 18 Task properties modified 19 Program properties modified 20 Controller time slice modified 21 Removable media removed 22 Removable media inserted 23 Safety signature
on for one scan in that task. S:FS stays off in the first task that ran. ATTENTION: Use the SSV instruction carefully. Making changes to objects can cause unexpected controller operation or injury to personnel.Rockwell Automation Publication 1756-PM015E-EN-P - November 2012 53Access Status Information Chapter 5 5.Select the object. 6.In the list of attributes for the object, identify the attribute that you want to access. For attribute information, see the Logix5000 Controllers General Instruction Reference Manual, publication 1756-RM003 . 7.Create a tag for the value of the attribute. 8.In the Ladder Logic routine, enter the appropriate instruction.To get or set Select Customize instructions for commonly- used logic AddOnInstructionDefinition Different Axis objects depending on motion application Axis (Several types) System-overhead time slice Controller Physical hardware of a controller ControllerDevice Groups one or more axes to generate coordinated motion CoordinateSystemCoordinated system time for the devices in one chassis CST DF1 communication driver for the serial port DF1 Fault history for a controller FaultLog Attributes of a message instruction Message Status, faults, and mode of a module Module Group of axes MotionGroup Fault information or scan time for a program Program Instance number of a routine Routine Different objects for safety Safety Configuration of the serial port SerialPort Properties or elapsed time of a task Task Precision time management for
