1: What is the product identifier?
{"answer":"TAR-001 (Ethylene Glycol based antifreeze) ","source":"Section I. Product Identifier"}

2: When was the Safety Data Sheet issued?
{"answer":"7/3/2001","source":"Section I. Chemical Product and Company Identification"}

3: What is the product description?
{"answer":"The product is a chemical substance with the following properties: it has a density of 1.115 to 1.145, an oil/water distillation coefficient not available, and a vapour density of 2.1. It is soluble in water, methanol, and diethyl ether. The product is stable and will not polymerize under normal working conditions, but it can react with oxidizing agents, acids, and alkalis. It has a vapour pressure of 0.06 mmHg at 20°C and may release COx, smoke, and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition. It is slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant), slightly hazardous in case of inhalation (lung irritant), can cause nausea, headaches, and vomiting, and extremely dangerous in case of ingestion.", "source": "Section X and XI of the Safety Data Sheet"}

4: Who is the manufacturer of the product?
{"answer": "The manufacturer of the product is not explicitly stated, but it mentions 'Prepared by Product Safety - TAR on 7/3/2001'", "source": "Section I of the file"}

5: What is the emergency telephone number for the product?
{"answer":"Petro-Canada: 403-296-3000 and Canutec Transportation: 613-996-6666 are the emergency telephone numbers.", "source": "Section II. Composition and Information on Ingredients"}

6: What are the hazard classifications associated with the product?
{"answer": "The product is classified as slightly hazardous due to skin contact (irritant) and inhalation (lung irritant). It can cause nausea, headaches, and vomiting. Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification."}

7: What is the signal word used for the product?
{"answer":"Warning","source":"File contents"} 

  





 

 
 


 
 






 


 



 














 

 





 

 





 

 





 
 



 



 




 
 




8: What are the hazard statements related to the product?
{"answer":"The product, ANTIFREEZE, is hazardous and may cause slight irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract. It is slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant) and inhalation (lung irritant), and extremely dangerous in case of ingestion.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification."}

9: What precautions should be taken while handling the product?
{"answer":"When handling the product, it is recommended to wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) such as safety glasses, gloves, and a face shield. Additionally, proper ventilation should be maintained, especially in cases where vapors or mist are generated. In case of skin contact, hands should be washed thoroughly with soap and water. If handling hot product, heat-resistant and insulated gloves should be used. For respiratory protection, NIOSH-approved respirators may be necessary if concentrations exceed occupational exposure limits. Appropriate footwear should also be worn to prevent product from coming into contact with feet and skin. In case of a spill or leak, the area should be ventilated, and the product should be diluted with water and mopped up or absorbed with an inert material before being disposed of properly.", "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls, Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

10: What are the first aid measures in case of inhalation?
{"answer": "If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

11: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer":"Remove contaminated clothing - launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention.","source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

12: What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?
{"answer":"IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.","source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures Eye Contact"}

13: What are the first aid measures in case of ingestion?
{"answer":"DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures Ingestion"}

14: What are the suitable extinguishing media for a fire involving the product?
{"answer":"Use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam for small fire and use water spray, fog or foam for large fire. ","source":"Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

15: What are the special hazards arising from the substance during a fire?
{"answer": "Carbon oxides (CO, CO2), smoke and irritating vapours as products of incomplete combustion.", "source": "Section V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

16: Are there any special fire handling procedures required for the product?
{"answer":"DO NOT use water jet. SMALL FIRE: Use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam. LARGE FIRE: Use water spray, fog or foam.","source":"Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

17: How should accidental releases, spill, or leak of the product be handled?
{"answer":"For accidental releases, spills, or leaks of the product, small spills should be diluted with water and mopped up or absorbed with an inert dry material and placed in an appropriate waste disposal container. Large spills should be absorbed with an inert material and put into an appropriate waste disposal container. Disposal should be done according to regional regulations.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

18: What precautions should be taken for safe handling and storage of the product?
{"answer":"Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn. Also, ensure that eyewash station and safety shower are close to work-station. Keep container dry. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place. For normal application, special ventilation is not necessary. If user's operations generate vapours or mist, use ventilation to keep exposure to airborne contaminants below the exposure limit. Make-up air should always be supplied to balance air removed by exhaust ventilation. Personal Protection - The selection of personal protective equipment varies, depending upon conditions of use.", "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage; Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls"}

19: What are the exposure controls and personal protection measures recommended for the product?
{"answer":"Personal Protection - The selection of personal protective equipment varies, depending upon conditions of use.\n\n* Eyes: Eye protection (i.e., safety glasses, safety goggles and/or face shield) should be determined based on conditions of use. If product is used in an application where splashing may occur, the use of safety goggles and/or a face shield should be considered.\n\n* Body: Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn.\n\n* Respiratory: Where concentrations in air may exceed the occupational exposure limits given in Section 2 (and those applicable to your area) and where engineering, work practices or other means of exposure reduction are not adequate, NIOSH approved respirators may be necessary to prevent overexposure by inhalation.\n\n* Hands: Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated.\n\n* Feet: Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin.","source":"Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls"}

20: What are the physical and chemical properties of the product?
{"answer":"The product is a clear viscous liquid with a green colour. It has a density of 1.115 to 1.145 (Water = 1) and a vapour density of 2.1 (Air=1). It is soluble in water, methanol and diethyl ether, and has a boiling point of 129 to 197°C (264 to 387°F).","source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

21: Is the product stable or reactive? Are there any hazardous reactions to be aware of?
{"answer":"The product is stable, will not polymerize under normal working conditions, but may react with oxidizing agents, acids, and alkalis.", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity and Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

 

 
  












 
 






 

 
 
 





 
 

  
 
 


 
 

 
  

 

 

 

 
 

22: What are the possible hazardous decomposition products of the product?
{"answer": "May release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

23: What is the toxicological information available for the product?
{"answer":"The product is slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant) and inhalation (lung irritant), can cause nausea, headaches and vomiting, and extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. It may be toxic to kidneys and liver, and repeated exposure can produce target organs damage.", "source":"Section X. Stability and Reactivity; Section XI. Toxicological Information"}

24: What are the safety precautions and handling instructions for using the product?
{"answer":"In case of emergency, evacuate the victim to a safe area as soon as possible. If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area. Seek medical attention. For skin contact, launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention. DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Ensure that eyewash station and safety shower are close to work-station. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated. Keep container dry. Keep container tightly closed. Make-up air should always be supplied to balance air removed by exhaust ventilation. Use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam for small fire, and use water spray, fog or foam for large fire, DO NOT use water jet. ", "source":"Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls, Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties, Section V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

25: What are the potential hazards associated with the product?
{"answer":"The product ANTIFREEZE is slightly hazardous to skin and respiratory tract, extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. It can cause irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract, nausea, headaches and vomiting.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification and Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

26: What are the specific health effects or risks associated with exposure to the product?
{"answer":"Slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant). Slightly hazardous in case of inhalation (lung irritant). Can cause nausea, headaches and vomiting. Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion.","source":"Section XI. Toxicological Information"}

27: What are the emergency procedures in case of inhalation of the product?
{"answer":"DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures Ingestion"}

28: What are the emergency procedures in case of skin contact with the product?
{"answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush skin with running water for at least 15 minutes, and then seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

29: What are the emergency procedures in case of eye contact with the product?
{"answer":"IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.","source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

30: What are the emergency procedures in case of ingestion of the product?
{"answer":"DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.","source":"Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

31: What is the waste disposal method for the product?
{"answer":"The waste disposal method for the product is to recycle or reprocess, incinerate with energy recovery, or dispose at a licensed waste disposal facility. Ensure that disposal or reprocessing is in compliance with government requirements and local disposal regulations.", "source": "Section XIII. Disposal Considerations"}

32: Are there any specific storage requirements or conditions for safely storing the product?
{"answer": "Keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place.", "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage"}

33: What is the shelf life of the product?
{"answer": "The product is stable, but information on shelf life is not available in the provided context.", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

34: What are the composition and ingredients of the product?
{"answer":"The product is a clear viscous liquid with a green color, odorless, and has a viscosity, density, and other physical and chemical properties. It is stable, non-corrosive, and does not polymerize under normal working conditions. It is soluble in water, methanol, and diethyl ether. The product is toxic to kidneys and liver, and repeated or prolonged exposure can produce target organs damage. It is slightly hazardous in case of skin contact and inhalation, and extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. The product should be handled with gloves, safety goggles, and a respirator when necessary. Small fires should be extinguished with dry chemicals, CO2, water spray, or foam. Large fires should use water spray, fog, or foam. In case of accidental release, the material should be diluted with water and mopped up or absorbed with an inert DRY material and placed in an appropriate waste disposal container.", "source": "File Section VI: Accidental Release Measures, Section VII: Handling and Storage, Section VIII: Exposure Controls/Personal Protection, and other sections."}

35: Are there any known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials?
{"answer":"Reactive with oxidizing agents, acids and alkalis.\nMay release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.","source":"Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

36: What is the odor of the product?
{"answer":"Odourless.","source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

37: What is the boiling point of the product?
{"answer":"129 to 197°C (264 to 387°F)","source":"Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

38: Is the product flammable?
{"answer": "Yes, it is flammable.", "source": "Section IV. Fire-fighting Measures"}

39: What is the solubility of the product?
{
  "question": "What is the solubility of the product?",
  "answer": "Soluble in water, methanol and diethyl ether.",
  "source": "Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"
}

40: Is the product stable under certain conditions, and are there any potential decomposition products?
{"answer":"The product is stable under normal working conditions, but may release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

41: What are the recommended engineering controls, personal protective equipment (PPE), and respiratory protection for handling the product?
{"answer":"The recommended engineering controls are special ventilation, which is not necessary for normal application. If user's operations generate vapours or mist, use ventilation to keep exposure to airborne contaminants below the exposure limit. Make-up air should always be supplied to balance air removed by exhaust ventilation. Personal protective equipment (PPE) varies depending upon conditions of use. For example, eye protection (safety glasses, safety goggles and/or face shield), body protection (long sleeves and trousers), respiratory protection (NIOSH approved respirators) when concentrations in air may exceed occupational exposure limits, hands protection (chemically protective gloves), and feet protection (appropriate footwear).","source":"Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection Engineering Controls"}

42: Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?
{"answer": "Dispose of in accordance with regional regulations.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

43: Can the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition be disclosed for the product?
{"answer":"The specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition cannot be disclosed for the product, as it is stated that neither the supplier nor its subsidiaries assume any liability for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the document.", "source": "Section 1 of the document"}

